README.md, before:

# DiamondTiling3DPrint
Pouder School District PWR Internship Project: 3D printing Diamond Tiling Software 

To run:

    1.Make sure you have the Java JRE installed. Found here http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jre8-downloads-2133155.html

    2. Download DiamondTiling.jar and run. Works on Windows, Mac, and linux.

    3. Use the drop down to pick data source.

To Edit Source or to rebuild: 

    1.Download and Install the following:
    Eclipse(unless you want to use someother IDE) https://www.eclipse.org/downloads/
    Java JRE http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jre8-downloads-2133155.html
    Java JDK http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html

    You may need to set the Java_Home System Variable. For more info go to https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E19182-01/820-7851/inst_cli_jdk_javahome_t/

    If using eclipse:

        1. Start Eclipse. Close out of the Welcome Tab.

        2. Follow These instructions to install e(fx)clipse. https://www.eclipse.org/efxclipse/install.html#for-the-lazy

        3. Download DiamondTiling.zip file. 

        4. Make sure you don't have any projects in eclipse. Go to File>Import

        5. Select “Existing Project into Workspace” and then hit next.  

        6. Make sure “Select archive file” is checked and browse for .zip file downloaded earlier. 

        7. Hit “Select all” on the left then hit “Finish”

        8. The project has now been imported. You can now edit a test the software.

    If using Another IDE:

        1.Download and instal the JavaFX SDK specific to your IDE.

        2.Download all the files in the Source Folder.

        3.Import the files into your project.

        4.Open one of the files and either change “package application;” to the name of the package you put the imported files into for all files. For example “package pakage_name;”. Or change the package in your project to “application”

        5.You should be able to edit and run program. If you are getting import errors then you did not install the JavaFX SDK correctly

Commit message:

Added Link to STL File

README.md, after:

# DiamondTiling3DPrint
Pouder School District PWR Internship Project: 3D printing Diamond Tiling Software 
To 3D Print:
    Go to this link to get STL file:
    https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B7KV4qpJFc2COVFPcmNrUTlnbDg/view?usp=sharing
To run:

    1.Make sure you have the Java JRE installed. Found here http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jre8-downloads-2133155.html

    2. Download DiamondTiling.jar and run. Works on Windows, Mac, and linux.

    3. Use the drop down to pick data source.

To Edit Source or to rebuild: 

    1.Download and Install the following:
    Eclipse(unless you want to use someother IDE) https://www.eclipse.org/downloads/
    Java JRE http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jre8-downloads-2133155.html
    Java JDK http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html

    You may need to set the Java_Home System Variable. For more info go to https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E19182-01/820-7851/inst_cli_jdk_javahome_t/

    If using eclipse:

        1. Start Eclipse. Close out of the Welcome Tab.

        2. Follow These instructions to install e(fx)clipse. https://www.eclipse.org/efxclipse/install.html#for-the-lazy

        3. Download DiamondTiling.zip file. 

        4. Make sure you don't have any projects in eclipse. Go to File>Import

        5. Select “Existing Project into Workspace” and then hit next.  

        6. Make sure “Select archive file” is checked and browse for .zip file downloaded earlier. 

        7. Hit “Select all” on the left then hit “Finish”

        8. The project has now been imported. You can now edit a test the software.

    If using Another IDE:

        1.Download and instal the JavaFX SDK specific to your IDE.

        2.Download all the files in the Source Folder.

        3.Import the files into your project.

        4.Open one of the files and either change “package application;” to the name of the package you put the imported files into for all files. For example “package pakage_name;”. Or change the package in your project to “application”

        5.You should be able to edit and run program. If you are getting import errors then you did not install the JavaFX SDK correctly
